Privacy Policy Caveman Productions
As a company based in Pakistan with global operations, we strictly comply with Pakistani privacy laws, but we also strive to comply with the best practices worldwide. This privacy policy sets out how we handle your privacy. By installing our mobile apps, the user agrees with the practices laid down in this privacy policy.

1. Advertising

Some of our apps contain third-party advertising. We may occasionally promote other products of our own within our apps. We may occasionally cross-promote the products of other affiliated developers that offer similar products and share similar values as expressed on their own published privacy policies.

2. Third-party sites

Our Apps may contain links to third party websites, products, or services. For example, the Apps may feature offers from third party advertisers or the ability to engage in transactions with such entities. Please note that while using such third party offerings, you are using sites, products, and services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the actions of those people or companies, the content of their sites, products or services, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Our link to such third parties does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies. Nor is such linking an endorsement of such third party’s privacy or information security policies or practices or their compliance with laws. Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location information or contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. These other websites or services may place their own cookies or other files on your computing device, collect information or solicit personal information from you. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of third parties with which you interact. We are not responsible or liable for your interaction with such third parties, the information requests initiated by such third parties, or the subsequent use, treatment or dissemination of information you voluntarily choose to provide to them.





